You're not saved yet, get out
You actually have such a divine beast to say
What other secrets do you have?
My secrets you don't deserve to know
Pardon me?
I advise you
Put away your little shady tricks
If it weren't for this engagement
With your poor knowledge
And narrow-minded
I'm not even in the mood to look at you one more time
You can order Triangle Cat Kung Fu
So what?
Do you really think it can help us all?
That's right, you can enter the Lu family
Can you count our other big families at the same time?
Don't you show your true colors in the end?
count
With your little skills that are not good enough
Do you still need me to calculate whether you match?
Your white jade is known as the descendant of the Bai Family Divine Medical Hall
Read it everywhere in the name of a genius doctor
Ten days
I don't even have the basic skills of Wang Wen asking about theft
To and from the bar all day
When the distortion between Kyushu and Kyushu occurs
I was paralyzed by alcohol. I couldn't hold a needle.
What kind of genius doctor are you?
You are talking nonsense.
Do you think those people respect you as a little magic doctor?
It's because you are artistic
You think all those rich people are gone
I'm fascinated by your beauty
Only when you are obsessed can you cooperate with your Bai family
Wrong, so wrong.